Is Brother Hao, Princess Qi, so unfamiliar with me?
So I heard.
Brother Hao stayed up all night looking for Princess Chu
Now Princess Chu has been missing for three days
It's pretty much doomed, I'm afraid.
Your Highness still takes care of his body
Princess Qin, please be careful
Princess Chu was initiated by this king
Dead or alive
This king wants to meet someone
Dead to see corpse
Brother Hao Mingcui is just worried about your body
You are so easy on Mingcui
You weren't like this before
That was a thing of the past
Princess Qi, please respect yourself
Yuan Qingling
I don't know what cute trick you used
Make Brother Hao so sad for you
But it doesn't matter.
After Brother Hao can't find you and gives up
I have ways to get him to change his mind about me
This box is full of little four leaders
If you want to escape directly, I'm afraid it's very complete
Yu Wenhao
What do you miss him for?
It is better to ask for others than to ask for yourself
Or get through this hurdle first
Think of other ways
Mingyue girl gave birth to a good look
If you go too
There will also be an oiran competition in the backyard in the future.
What about suppression?
low key
Don't be obsessed with brother
Brother is just a legend
The girls are already waiting for the bright moon girl in Fang Accord
Let's go when you're done packing.